should have similar functionality to the normal map optimizer however with some caveats:

1. always ignore files ending in _N. or _NH. We have the normal map optimizer for that.
2. handling for the case someone uses TGA (this would be equivalent to uncompressed)
3. default behavior is a passthrough on "well compressed textures"
3a. a well compressed texture is defined as either being 
    BC1, BC3, BC2 wherein the author has designated the correct number of mipmaps for the resolution. A caveat is sometimes an author specifically picked an middling number of mipmaps.
4. we wish to avoid UI textures and icon textures.
5. we should only read folders which have the path "Textures" in them
6. paths which contain icon, icons or bookart should be omitted. (these are usually outside the texture folder).
6a. This could present an issue where a mod is titles "Icons of the ..." or such, where they are not referring to an actual in-game ui icon. However this is such an edge case, it should be up to the user to toggle off "omitted paths".


differences from the normal map optimizer:
TGA is possible.
we are no longer working with normals
as such:
     BC5 is no longer a valid choice.
    There is no distinction between _N and _NH as we are not doing normal maps.
    Z reconstruction is no longer wanted.
We can "tell" if a texture is invalid usually by the fact it is missing mipmaps now. so the default behavior should be "well compressed textures pass through"
if a texture has only 1 mipmap we consider this texture invalid and trigger a reconstruction.
uniform weighting and dithering are still an option but are off by default.

BGR and BGRA are still the goto for small textures.
BGR is if a texture has no alpha, BGRA is if a texture has alpha.

We have a blacklist now of textures to not process.
the user can choose to add to the blacklist.

Whitelist:
we are searching for specifically the path "Textures". This must be present.
Blacklist:
we ALWAYS want to omit icon, icons, bookart. these are usually outside the textures folder. These are UI textures.
in some cases a user may have a folder that is in textures but contains the word icon or icons or bookart. but it is better to be safe than sorry.

